---
title: "PwC - Insurance Company Project"
date: 2019-05-20
tags: [Data Wrangling, Exploratory Analysis]
header:
  image: "/images/insurance.jpg"
excerpt: "Data Wrangling, Data Science, Messy Data"
mathjax: "true"
---

## Project Introduction
The purpose of this project is to provide recommendations to the management team of a carinsurance company. The recommendations will guide management on how to make the firm more profitable and decrease the firm's overall loss ratio. The project covers the firm's data from 2014 to 2015. It will start by sharing an analysis of the data based on a risk assessment of driver age and the car make of each driver's car. Next, there will be analysis about the efficiency of the firm's underwriters and claim branches to assess driver risk and incoming claims. Overall, we recommend that the firm decreases premiums for drivers between the ages of 21 and 30 and increases the premiums for drivers between the ages of  41 and 50. We also recommend that the firm increases premiums for drivers who are insuring their luxury cars. In regards to further analysis based on the limited data, we suggest that management further investigates the Mercury CA Insurance underwriter to assess their inefficiencies in assessing risk per driver. Lastly, we suggest that the firm also further investigates the Norwak CA claim branch to assess the firm's excessive loss ratio.

## Project Code
Please view the project script by clicking this [link](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/cinnabar723/Project-Library/blob/master/PWC_Case_v2.ipynb).
